[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> With me today on this
"Truth Hunter" special is Tim,
a tactical advisor to covert
German analysts who are trying
to understand the missions
and strategies of non-human
intelligences on our planet, in
this solar system, and beyond.
Tim, welcome to this special
edition of "Truth Hunter."
>> Thank you, Linda,
for having me.
>> After all of these
experiences with the Greys,
what is the soul to you?
>> So the soul is geometry.
It's information.
It's a container that contains
every information that you have
collected over your lifetime.
A soul is something that
is being naturally formed
and created in the moment when
a consciousness unit reaches
a level 3 consciousness,
which means self-awareness.
So if we're talking about this
mug, for example, it's still--
this is a living life form.
Even though humanity would
not subscribe to that,
it's still a living life form,
but it has no self-awareness.
If it breaks, it doesn't
mean that it loses--
it's not redefining its
own understanding, like,
am I now two mugs
because it's broken,
or is this still one mug?
It just is.
It's a life form that just is.
>> It's the inanimate life form.
Crystals are inanimate,
and yet crystals
can store the information
that would be in a soul.
>> Right.
>> So when you really
start getting into this,
it is as if there is a kind
of Twilight Zone between
the organic and the inorganic,
and that the sense that
I've had from so
many discussions,
over 3,000 people I've
interviewed in the abduction
syndrome, and it is as if this
whole universe is some sort
of an experimental test
with organic consciousness,
organic life.
And listening to
you, it is almost as
if I'm being told that that
experiment automatically
evolves toward inorganic, toward
not Greys, not tall whites, not
Nordics, not reptilians, on
and on, that there could be all
of these different
modes and frequencies
that the universe
is to a huge scale
of both organic and
inorganic material.
>> So this version of the
universe means ontologically,
everything that is and
is not part of being.
Does that make sense?
It means-- it means everything--
>> No.
[LAUGHS]
>> OK, everything we
perceive right now,
everything we can think
of, all this, all that is,
everything that
potentially could be,
everything you can think
of, everything I can think
of, and everything in this
version of the universe that
can think of it, exists
within the boundaries of this
universe.
That is where we can form
technical models and ideas,
because that's the
foundation, that we
have an ontological ground
where we can put theories upon.
>> But currently, we are babies
still playing a few notes
and being taught by
ETs how to advance.
But essentially, we're
an organic species,
and we have inorganic
and organic intelligences
interacting with us,
which always leads
to the question, if there are
15 nonhuman species based inside
of our planet, and in some
cases inside the mountains,
and in a lot of cases deep
beneath the basins of water
on this planet, what do
those 15 species want?
>> So I don't know all of these
species from direct experience.
I have a direct experience
with some of them,
like, a smaller number
of species that exist
in the overall context of this.
But what I can say is that
we're dealing with a 95% to 5%
percentage of good intentions,
benevolent intentions, which
is the 95%, at least on
this level of frequency
that we are here
experiencing on this planet.
The further up we go, the higher
the amount of aspects of life
that are benevolent, but we also
have 5% in the, let's call it
3D context, maybe,
of the universe,
which might have
agendas that are opposed
to what the human race wants.
>> What about insects
from Epsilon Eridani?
Have you had matches of
various intelligences
with various solar systems?
>> I'm not an expert on
insects or insectoids.
I'm used to dealing with
so-called exotic species
like the Greys, and, like,
interfrequential beings, which
we might be talking about later.
I did have a video
analysis of a group
of praying mantis
beings that was somehow
sent from them to Earth.
And the question
was, what is that?
What's the message?
What's the point of it?
And because someone
else couldn't answer it,
it's been given to
me as well in order
to have my educated thought
on it, whatever that means.
So--
>> You're talking
about a electronic,
or some form of message from
praying mantises that was
picked up by a
receiver on Earth?
>> Right.
>> And you are trying
to translate it.
And right now, you think it
is from praying mantises?
>> Right.
>> And does anybody have
even a partial translation?
>> Not that I'm aware of.
I guess so.
But again, it wasn't
part of my mission.
You know, insectoid species
weren't part of that.
>> What's confusing is that
the praying mantis is supposed
to be one of the most ancient
of all of the life forms.
>> Right.
>> And not even originating
in the Milky Way galaxy,
but probably from
Andromeda or beyond.
And so why would
a praying mantis
send any kind of a signal
to Earth, populated
by Homo sapiens
sapiens, why would they
send it in a frequency
that they would know
that we couldn't translate?
>> Well, that's an
interesting question.
So--
>> And was it designed for
us, or for somebody else
they're working with here?
>> I don't know.
I don't know, because it
was a one-time occasion.
But I mean, the reason is--
potentially or possibly
is because this kind
of praying mantis species is
very closely working and allied
with these small Greys.
They are working together.
They are performing
especially scientific purposes
and helping out the mission that
the small Greys are performing.
So they are very closely
related to each other.
>> And all that tube technology
that we have talked about,
where there are bodies that
are sustained in light tubes,
the praying mantis is closely
involved with every abductee
that I know has ever
seen all of these tubes.
And then you add the transfer
of the soul energy from body
into one of the
sustained bodies,
and the praying mantis
is overseeing this.
And the English translation
that came in to at least one
of the abductees was that
the whole process was called
translation into the light.
And the praying mantis
was overseeing everything
with Greys, organic
Greys, artificial Greys,
and I've always
thought that there
is something so important
for humans to understand.
What is the whole big machinery
of these praying mantises
overseeing the transfer
of soul or soul light
from a body that
is allowed to die
into a sustained new body that
is in these tubes of light?
>> What I understand is that
the praying mantis species that
we're talking about-- and
there are assumably a lot more
species and insectoid species
that might be confused with
them because they look similar,
but they are not part of that
species, but from another--
just in the way that
humans from Earth
have their counterparts
on different planets
all over the universe.
So ape species that
might look like humans
might not have the same
intention, genetic profile,
or agenda as Earth humans.
So the way I understand it,
this praying mantis species
is basically very good
at genetics and biology.
So what they are contributing
to the mission of the small Grey
species of the Greys
is a scientific labor,
a scientific support
and that is why
they are overseeing so many
cases where a contactee gets
healed, for example, or being
transferred into another body
or whatsoever.
>> Have you ever asked a
Grey, or any other being that
you've been with, why are
you even involved with humans
on Earth?
What is it that you want
with us, for us, beyond us?
>> If we're opening
up that chapter,
we need to have a deeper
understanding and context
of the Grey society, and the
species, and their history.
So the Greys, from their
perspective of the universe,
they are relying
on what they call
a master line of the species.
They have three master
lines of species.
Those species,
those master lines,
are perspectives and way
points of the universe that
create from their perspective
everything that is necessary
in order to sustain life.
If you're familiar with
the Fibonacci code--
>> Yes.
>> Right.
So you maybe have-- you
begin with a unified
1, which is the first digit
in the Fibonacci code.
But then you have
a kind of clone
from the 1, which is
necessary in order
to perceive a kind of
energetical movement
that is going on, because
if you only have 1,
you have nothing to add to it.
You only have 1.
You always stay with 1, 1, 1, 1.
But if you have another 1,
like extracted from that 1,
you certainly have something to
add to it, and then you have 2.
And from that, from
these three digits,
you begin a curving geometry.
>> Like the Nautilus.
>> Right.
And that is, on a
very spiritual level,
what the Greys originated from.
They have three
master lines that
administer certain
possibilities and probabilities
of their own universe.
Everyone associates
themselves freely
to one of those master lines.
And in the end, through that,
you have a successful timeline.
Because timelines can fail,
timelines can persist,
and what they want is to
achieve a moment where they also
can develop into a new universe,
which is level 7 consciousness.
>> It is as if you boiled the
universe down to its "bare
bones," quote unquote,
it's all fractal geometry.
>> Yeah.
At least in this version of
the universe, because there
are other versions where
that doesn't apply,
where it's just purely chaotic
and different geometries.
But yes, fractals are a way to
interpret the data that comes
from the universe naturally.
>> Roger Penrose, he got the
Nobel Prize for work that he
had done on black holes in 2021.
And I interviewed him in 2018.
And right at the beginning,
my first question to him
was, would you please
give me your insights
about the singularity
that began this universe?
And he has this
wonderful UK voice,
and he said, oh, no, Linda,
no, there's no singularity, no.
It is an infinity
of cycles that have
had no beginning and no end.
I will never forget that as
the beginning of an interview.
And today, as you
and I are talking,
I'm beginning to think
that Roger Penrose really
is closer to the truth--
>> Yeah.
>> --and that the idea that
this universe that we're in is
singular, had a beginning
13.8 billion light years back
in time, that somehow
we are not grasping.
And the more that
I hear you, which
I'm assuming the information
is coming from your contact
with the Greys, that it is
multiple frequencies in cycles
of infinity.
>> Overlapping itself.
>> And there really is
no beginning and no end.
>> Right.
Yeah.
You got it right.
It's frequency.
In this version of
the universe, we
have overlapping frequencies
that all exist at all times
at the same point of existence.
And through that
overlaying, even
if we do not-- if we
might not perceive
some of those
frequencies, because we
need to achieve a
logical ground for them
to take to come into existence,
the higher the frequency,
the less edges and sharp edges
we have to reality itself.
>> But the tall whites,
as one man said,
it would be like being with some
kind of an organic human body,
but the brain would be
like 10 Grey computers,
and that they can extend
timelines and do mental
experiments with changing tiny
things and seeing what happens
in time.
And they are organic, at
least as I understand it,
and that they have been
involved in genetic manipulation
on this planet as well.
Why would you have
a lot of experience
in your German work
with the Greys,
but not know anything about
the tall whites or the Nordics
and others?
>> Oh, well, the same way
someone who's specialized
on birds will have fairly less
knowledge about aquatic beings.
I'm working with the
so-called exotic beings, which
basically the most contacts
was the Greys, but also
a species which is
translated as Being Six.
>> And have the Greys in any way
communicated to you about what
I'm just going to
call the divine field,
that there is some
originator of infinity?
>> That is mainly the biggest
problem that we had to come--
you know, to solve, and
what they have to solve.
And I'm glad you're bringing
that up, because that leads
to the existence of Being Six.
The Greys are only capable--
or used to be only capable of
existing in six consciousness
layers, and not in the seventh.
And that is because the Greys,
having these three master
lines that they bring
together at one point,
they got rid of
everything else in
their first evolutionary
attempt, so to speak,
which means they were purely
alone in their field of level
6 consciousness,
which is devastating.
And it's a super sad moment.
>> You mean they were the
only consciousness that got
to a sixth level?
>> From their observable
standpoint, yes,
because we all are perceiving
our own observable standpoints
and proceed in that
lineage in a logical term.
So you might have a
different universe
that you are sharing
with other beings.
So let me say, two weeks ago,
we didn't know each other.
>> Right.
>> So we weren't sharing a
mutual home or something,
a frequency.
But now we're sitting here.
Now we are sharing
the same path.
Like everyone
watching this, they
are all sharing the
same timeline with us.
But on that timeline-- timelines
are one major timeline,
which is the stable timeline
that flows in the middle,
but there are always
timelines left and right.
If you look at it from a
standpoint of top down,
then it looks like
a tree, you know?
In the middle, you have
just one sustaining vector
that is super
stable, because that
is the successful timeline,
the master timeline, the time
strain.
But from the top
perspective, you
can see there are crystalline
timelines going everywhere,
and--
>> And that's where
the tall whites,
who do these exercises
in these great minds,
can do all these little tiny
adjustments and say this time,
this time.
It would almost be like
time is like a fractal that
is constantly generated
from a main highway.
>> 100%.
Any species that is capable of
overviewing temporal dynamics,
which is the term
for timelines, they
are all capable of perceiving
time the way you describe it.
Not only the species, but
also certain reptile species,
certain--
the Greys, and different
other species as well.
>> And time, and the
manipulation of time could be
one of the greatest weapons
in the universe according
to people who are concerned
about these tronoloid insects
and Epsilon Eridani, which
is only 10.5 light years from
Earth.
And it raises a very
interesting question
that an insect
civilization would
get to a point of
such advancement
that it literally could
go and manipulate time.
This one particular
engineer said
they can take time
from the future
and insert it into a path
and that they experiment.
Well, can you imagine
what would happen
if a timeline they
inserted something
that was like a supernova,
right in the middle
of a stable solar system?
That's where the
weapon comes in,
that time could be used
like a terrible weapon.
Have you ever been exposed to
that in terms of communication
with the Greys?
>> Yeah.
To be very honest
about the reason
why we are able to have
this communication right
now is because there
are forces, and there
have been forces, that corrected
the timeline of this planet
in order to be a stable one
in order to preserve life.
Because the way I
understand it, there
have been multiple exits of
failed timelines considering
this planet, which means
some versions of this planet
have failed.
But the universe has
this very interesting
temporal natural feature,
which reintegrates every failed
timeline into the main string.
So that is why history,
the further back you go,
the more layers of
contradicting information
you get, because the universe,
every failed timeline gets
reintegrated back into the
successful timeline again,
which is-- it's super nice.
It's a super relieving
thought, you know?
Whatever happens
in this universe,
there's a net which carries
you and brings you back
to a sustainable,
positive time, you know?
>> Do the Greys have a
clue about what the source
of the source is?
>> The best definition to
come up with is a field--
a living, self-experiencing
field and life form
of probability and possibility.
But if you're thinking
about a huge, huge scale
of the whole universe,
then everything
we're experiencing right
now is a very old thought
that comes from
source, and we are
moving backwards through
time back to that source.
But we also, at the
same time-- and that
is this inner, outside
projection of the universe--
we're also moving forward
and creating our own time
while we're still
traveling back in time.
So we have these two
movements in temporal dynamics
that we're going through.
And while we're doing that,
and we're only perceiving--
so humanity is only perceiving
time as a linear factor
while it is actually
overlapping of past and future
in the same moment.
There are species that are able
to travel between this line,
and what they are doing is
mostly correcting the thought
and correcting how this works.
However, there are
also some species
who do that for their own
advantages, which is basically
what you were speaking about.
>> There was a farmer
in Corguinho, Brazil,
and I got a call from some
people who live there and asked
if I could come there.
And he had been being
abducted by tall blondes.
And one night, with
Portuguese translators,
he said that the blondes
showed him in his mind
that they could go
up above timelines,
and they could look down.
And that they had learned,
as they were in a project
for Earth, if they
saw a disaster--
it could be an asteroid.
It could be anything that
is going to wipe out Earth.
It could be civilization
self-destructing.
If they tried to come down
waiting for that moment,
they would never be able
to have an influence.
And they had learned that if
they went approximately 2,000
of what we would
call Earth years,
and they came into
the timeline at 2,000
before the catastrophic
event, that they would then
be able to work and change it.
>> So what happens with time is
that a certain impulse that has
been set in any timeline, it has
some ripples of effects in both
directions, which means there
are two point ways where this
is going, like it's going into
the past and into the future.
So, I mean, there
are some species,
Greys, for example, that
are capable of using
temporal dimensions in
order to just move through
that in the way we move
through this 3D field as well.
But setting the right
impulse in order
to correctly, and efficiently,
and aimfully alter and modify
time, it can be complicated.
Yeah.
>> What would be the Greys'
point of view in communicating
to you of their role
in manipulating DNA?
And we end up on a planet in
which one military person said
one time that he had had
telepathic communication
under orders, and that
one of the things that
came into his head in the
images and the symbols
was that the Greys were confused
or puzzled about why there were
five distinct races on Earth,
because the Grey communicated
to the military guy, we've
only been manipulating one.
>> I would say that there were
many more races than the five
that you mentioned, because
some of them went underground,
some extincted.
We also have different
skulls that we've found
all over the planet, and so on.
So the number of sample groups
that were placed on this planet
is probably higher,
and the warrior type,
those who have a genetic
profile that it's
a higher tendency
towards aggression,
those were the dominant
survival races that still remain
on the surface of this Earth.
Some others went
underground, some extincted,
and so on, so forth.
>> How do we trust any of the
extraterrestrials that are
communicating with
you, or anybody?
And once I got a Christmas
card, because I've learned
Christmas cards is a
very good, safe way
for a lot of people
with a lot of knowledge
to communicate
during that holiday.
And I once got a
Christmas card, and it
said, "the Greys are supposed
to be our allies, dot, dot, dot,
but they lie."
>> So what you're
talking about is trust.
And trust is the most important
subject to our evolution
right now, because we
are all the same being,
and we need to see that
even though if we all
have different interests
and different features,
we need to operate on
a mutual beneficial way
and have some kind of dedication
to make it a home for us all.
And so that all these
different agendas
that are placing
a chaotic system
onto this planet and different
other planets in the universe
right now gets
solved into something
that we all can call
home and be our home.
That also includes
individuals and collectives
that have a tendency
towards aggression, which
makes things more complicated.
>> Humans have
never really truly,
as a global group of five
races, ever been taught how
to collaborate with a planet
that can die by what we are
doing with our own
evolution on the planet.
It's almost as if we're set in
motion by extraterrestrials,
but the extraterrestrials
don't stay here
to teach the humans how to
take care of the planet.
>> I wouldn't say so, and there
are a lot of people who have
direct contact or psychic
contact to other forms of life
and receive inspiration.
So Being Six, for example,
put that into place.
There have been lots
and lots of operations
where things have been opposed
on this planet in order
to bring a peaceful development.
>> Recently, probably
in the last year,
I have received from
two different sources--
I know where they work.
I know what they do.
They know a lot about ETs.
I don't know that
they know each other.
I think I'm the
common denominator.
And the reason I'm raising
it is that they both have
said the same thing in different
words to me about the timeline
that we're on, and that--
they both have put it this way.
Earth is now facing--
>> A change.
>> --an existential--
an existential future.
And that--
>> Yeah.
>> And that this existential
threat has a certain segment
of time in which it could
be happening this century.
What is your source,
and what is it
that you see is going
to neutralize what
right now, as we are
in the 2020 to 2030
decade, that has been marked
for me going all the way back
to 2014 and 2007 by people
saying that we were going
to hit 2020 to
2030, and that there
was going to be
existential issues,
including a micronova
from our own sun that
could scorch the Earth?
>> OK, so let me elaborate
on your question from before,
because I know the government
now wants me to say that
the situation with the
Greys is as following.
The Greys have their
stock in humanity.
They are relying on what
is happening on this planet
because they need data
and experiences that
are unique to the surface
humans on this planet.
But they still have
their own agenda
on how the universe
should proceed,
which means they have this
great tendency, because they--
I would say they
have trust issues
from their own
spiritual development,
because getting rid
of your own body,
getting rid of different major
master lines or whatever,
getting rid of anything
means you are potentially
dominating your own will
over somebody else's
right of existence.
And that not only creates
bad, let's call it karma,
but it also creates
a psychic condition,
which means you
would always think
that could happen to oneself.
So that is a kind of
very strong trust issue
that the Greys have.
They tend-- they sort
out a program which
involves contracts,
which means they
want contracts for everything.
They are doing contracts
not only with this planet,
but with whole star systems
that they take care of.
They administer whole star
systems, billions and billions
of species that they
administer because they
are offering, you know,
serve, protect, and so on.
There are multiple
galaxy star systems
that are administered
by the Greys
because they were
offering a solution
to the smooth evolution
of that star system.
That doesn't mean
that that is quite
what the species itself wants.
Some species are good with that.
Some species want guidance,
and say, OK, cool--
OK, cool, we have someone
who takes care of things.
That's good.
>> How do you trust the Greys
to take an entire star system,
an entire galaxy?
We will take care of
everything for you,
and meanwhile, it becomes
the Grey star system.
>> Right.
And I think the
government wants me
to say that the
Greys, although they
are very interested
in contracts,
they have still their
own agenda in mind.
>> Yeah.
>> And that is bringing some
controversy to the whole
subject.
And also, they are
an invasive species,
which means they would proceed
directly and enter directly
a situation, which
other species don't.
If you look at Being
Six, they also induce
ideas, or coincidences, or
whatever you want to name it,
in order to bring--
to balance out certain
negative patterns
that are still showing
themselves on this planet,
but they are not invasive.
>> The Greys-- I hear
what you're saying,
but I don't have a sense
that there is any kind
of collaborative decisions that
everything about Earth still
seems to be up for grabs in
a strange way between, say,
the tall whites have one
version of the Earth,
the Greys have another, the
reptilians have another,
and that it's a classic
territorial fight still.
>> Yeah.
So you have the full
spectrum, Linda.
You have the full spectrum
of agendas and ideas
considering what you
just talked about.
And so the Greys heavily
rely on the experiences
that surface humans are
experiencing, making
on this planet, because their
own evolutionary path brought
certain lags of
information that they
are trying to fill in order to
become a successful species.
Their overall plan is to become
connected to every living
species and every dimension
and frequency there
is in all existence.
Become part of that, and connect
everything and all experiences,
have all that diversity
in order to have one,
harmonious, final evolution.
And in that very
last moment, they
think of themselves
to be the last one
to switch off the light.
>> Grey.
The Greys.
>> Right.
>> If the Greys are, in fact,
can be trusted to be part
of an effort to lift
Earth up and out further,
because that's what these
other beings are supposed to be
doing, but you don't get the
sense that the tall whites are
working with the Greys.
>> OK, so right now, there
is an effort collectively
and on a universal scale where
certain species are brought
together on a table and have
diplomatic conversations with
each other.
>> This is happening?
>> This is happening.
>> Where?
>> So on Earth, there's also a
collective effort in the last
10 years in order to bring
all key players together
on a corporate level, a
military level, and a country--
a national level, and some
other key players which
might include ET life, but
also certain other people
on this planet who
might have an interest.
Around 10 years ago, maybe
15 years ago, conversations
started, which means those key
players were brought together.
They had conversations
about certain things,
because the system needs to
be modified in some ways.
And a lot of global operations
that we see right now
is a result from those talks.
It's a collective
effort in order
to bring a situation
into a certain direction.
I haven't been attending
these meetings.
This is, like, the
next level of anything.
>> Thank you, Tim, for being
with me on another special,
special "Truth Hunter."
>> Thank you for
having me, Linda.
>> Coming up on the
next "Truth Hunter."
>> One example would be is
a greyish-skinned being--
>> Involved in those tubes
and the transfer of souls.
>> Right.
But these beings, they
live inside of light.
It's a place of existence
that only comes into existence
if you, and me,
and everyone else
consciously decides for it.